Clarify that attribute processor does not drop signals (#5178)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/otelcol.processor.attributes.md

> The `exclude` block provides an option to exclude data from being fed into the [action] blocks based on the properties of a span, log, or metric records.

Reviewer: Is this true?
```suggestion
The `exclude` block provides an option to exclude data from being fed into the [action] blocks based on the properties of a span, log, or metric records. Excluded data will be forwarded as-is.
```

Author: It is true, but I will add it to the new block that I'm adding now, since clarifying this is the whole purpose of the block. I'm also not sure if readers would know what is meant by "forwarded". I'll change this:

> Signals excluded by the `exclude` block will still be propagated to downstream components.

To:

> Signals excluded by the `exclude` block will still be propagated to downstream components as-is.

> > **NOTE**: Signals excluded by the `exclude` block will still be propagated to downstream components.
> > If you would like to not propagate certain signals to downstream components, 
> > consider a processor such as [otelcol.processor.tail_sampling](../otelcol.processor.tail_sampling/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
Signals excluded by the `exclude` block are still be sent to downstream components.
To prevent specific signals from being sent to downstream components,  you can use a processor
such as [otelcol.processor.tail_sampling](../otelcol.processor.tail_sampling/).
{{% /admonition %}}
```

Better to use the admonition shortcode for notes where we can.
